README.md, before:

PowerDDNS
=========
PowerDDNS is a package designed to make it easy to provide a [DynDNS API](http://dyn.com/support/developers/api/) compatible endpoint for your own DNS servers.
While the name implies that it is for [PowerDNS](https://www.powerdns.com/), there's no reason you couldn't implement a backend that would work
with any other DNS server.

I'll happily take pull requests from people who implement more auth / backend interfaces.

Installing
----------
Installation is easy with composer, just run ` php composer.phar require mikethomson mikethomson/power-ddns `

Example
-------
All that's needed to implement an endpoint is an index.php like the following:

	<?php
	require 'vendor/autoload.php';
	$pdo = \PowerDDNS\Helper\PDOFactory::get(array(
		'dsn' => 'mysql:host=localhost;dbname=powerdns',
		'username' => 'root'
	));

	$auth = new \PowerDDNS\Auth\DbAuth($pdo);
	$backend = new \PowerDDNS\Backend\DbBackend($pdo);

	$pddns = new \PowerDDNS\PowerDDNS($auth, $backend);
	$pddns->endpoint();

TODO
----
- Implement a BIND backend
- Fix all the todos in the code
- Finish implementing tests

Credit
------
Credit to [nicokaiser](https://github.com/nicokaiser/Dyndns/) for a good reference while building this

Commit message:

added a few better installation instructions

README.md, after:

PowerDDNS
=========
PowerDDNS is a package designed to make it easy to provide a [DynDNS API](http://dyn.com/support/developers/api/) compatible endpoint for your own DNS servers.
While the name implies that it is for [PowerDNS](https://www.powerdns.com/), there's no reason you couldn't implement a backend that would work
with any other DNS server.

I'll happily take pull requests from people who implement more auth / backend interfaces.

Installing
----------
Installation is easy with composer, just run ` php composer.phar require mikethomson mikethomson/power-ddns `
In the resources folder you will find the SQL schema that is added on to the PowerDNS database to add users and
permissions for PowerDDNS. The DbBackend uses MD5 hashed passwords by default. The permissions table is a simple join
table with the id of the user and the id of the record they should be allowed to update.

Example
-------
All that's needed to implement an endpoint is an index.php like the following:

	<?php
	require 'vendor/autoload.php';
	$pdo = \PowerDDNS\Helper\PDOFactory::get(array(
		'dsn' => 'mysql:host=localhost;dbname=powerdns',
		'username' => 'root'
	));

	$auth = new \PowerDDNS\Auth\DbAuth($pdo);
	$backend = new \PowerDDNS\Backend\DbBackend($pdo);

	$pddns = new \PowerDDNS\PowerDDNS($auth, $backend);
	$pddns->endpoint();


TODO
----
- Implement a BIND backend
- Fix all the todos in the code
- Finish implementing tests
- Implement the full protocol, not just what's needed

Credit
------
Credit to [nicokaiser](https://github.com/nicokaiser/Dyndns/) for a good reference while building this
